Features and How to of the AndroidianiOpenRecovery

HowTo & explanation of OpenRecovery Features

= Introduction =

This OpenRecovery is based on the latest 1.42 build from Skrilax_CZ, all credits for the creation of original openrecovery goes to him!
Our OpenRecovery is only a Mod, specifically for our milestones, and add a lot of features, for modding both eclair and froyo (Motofrezy an Cyanogen mod).
The open recovery, has a clear menu, easy to use, for Eclair modding and one for Froyo modding.


= Details =

So starting from *Eclair Modding Menu*:
Entering this menu you'll see:

_install memhack_:
Installs the hack to move Dalvik cache from /data to /cache, freeing a lot of space for apps!!

_install Conservative governor_:
Installs the modules and scripts to have the conservative governor from boot; It's a governor that have the lowest power consumption at all, it's a little slower to raise frequencies in comparison with the Interactive or Ondemand, but have the lowest power consumption

_install Interactive Governor_:
Installs the Interactive governor, a little faster of Conservative, but more pwer hungry (still less than ondemand)

NB: for Governors, credits goes to nadlabak http://android.doshaska.net/ here you see all the article for governors

_install Jitv7_:
This will install the latest froyo's jit, directly from samdroid, it's more stable and reliable than the obsolete one from GOTs OR

*NEW*_install flac support_
This will install libraries and framework.jar, so the rom will support also the playback of .flac files!

_install ADBDBoot_:
This will install a little hack that starts at boot, and will allow adb to start directly as Root! (without to have root installed BTW)very nice utility

*_install RecoveryBoot_*:
This is the newest news from 1.42 openrecovery!
You can boot into recovery without pass for the original one! this will substitute the original one at the boot, and will boot directly in OpenRecovery! A very neat feature!

_nb_: if you wipe cache, you have to boot another time in recovery as the command to boot directly in recovery is in cache!

Then there will be some modding menus:

_overclock menu_:
A lot of choice for you!
There is for all flavours; all overclocks are undervolted from the first to the 800mhz one, 900 mhz and 1000 mhz are at original vsel, and for 1,1ghz we have a little overvolt; even with original vsel (or overvolt) all other steps are sightly UNdervolted!
Battery consumption is less even at 1,1ghz!
550mhz step is only a undervolt, 550mhz with 38vsel (vs original 56)

steps are: 
550mhz (undervolt only)

650mhz

750mhz (x2 one from 125mhza and one starting at 250)

800mhz (x2)

900mhz(x2)

1ghz (x2)

1,1ghz (x2)

*NEW*
_Scripts menu_:
This is a menu where you can find the most important script utility for your milestone!
All of them will be installe din /system/xbin and can be used both from adb or a terminal emulator.
thw choice is:
To install _Nano editor_: very neat utility (recommended using adb as is not confortable on small milestone screen), a text editor commandline.

Install _Camerasound on/off_: this little script will shut off or on you camera sounds (type *soundon or soundoff* in terminal/adb)

Install _Mount/unmount system scripts_: will install 2 little script to mount system in Read/write (*mountrw*) or Read/Only (*mountro*)

Install _switch bootanimation script_: little script (*switchba*) to swap your bootanimation with one on you sdcard (must be in the root, and named "bootanimation.zip")

Install _Movecache script_: with this script (*movecache*) you can move the cache from /cache to sdcard (freeing a lot of space!)

Install _Show/Hide ads_: this will install 2 script (*showads* and *blockads*) that will enable/disable the ads in the system (IN THE APPLICATIONS FOR EXAMPLE)

Install _Bash_: alternative to Busybox, or you can install both altogether just tpe *bash* in adb/terminal

Install _Zipalign script_: this will install a script (*zipalign_apks*) that will zipalign all system apks (see below for info on zipaligning)

_BusyBox menu_:
Installs busybox in /data /sbin and /xbin

_menu App2sd_:
To install app2sd, split memory cards, and use app2sd both in original and symplink edition!

_Menu Install theme_:
To install the theme or restore the old one!

After those, here is the *Froyo Modding menu*:

_App2sd_ menu dedicated to app2sd for froyo images;

After that we have 2 menus: One for Motofrenzy and one for cyanogen

*For both*:
We have
_install conservative overclock_
_Menu overclock_; one with 650,800 ad 1ghz steps (Motofrenzy) and one with650/800/900/1000/1100 steps (with Cyano) in 2 version each one! One starting from 125mhz and one starting from 250mhz, a very wide choice for any flavour! 

*For CyanogenMOD*
Additionally to those menus, we have also:

_Install Memhack_:

To install memhack as nadlabak forgot to include it in its buil, so we can add it;

_Change Pixel Density_:

This will trick the Android system and emulate a higer (or lower) resolution!:
the original set is 240; we can go for 220,200,190 (very high resoltion this way) or incerase it to 260,280 for Big Icons and fonts!
This use a hack in BUild.prop, so it's FOR NOW compatible only with Cyanogen mod

*For Motofrenzy*
To originl menu it has a little hack:

_Auto off Buttons Led_:

It will start a daemon that will automatically shut off buttons led after a while, sparing some juicy battery life!!!
Credits to Azhad for this!

NEW *ZIPALIGN MENU*
This menu is splitted in 3 parts:

Only data partition-> zipalign only on /data/app and /data/app-private

Only system partition-> zipalign only on /system/app and /system/framework

Both of them

zipaligning is a procedure, where the apk is very optimized. The purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file.Specifically, it causes all uncompressed data within the .apk, such as images or raw files, to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries. This allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap() even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions. The benefit is a reduction in the amount of RAM consumed when running the application.

*THIS IS COMPATIBLE WITH BOTH ECLAIR AND FROYO*
(on Cyanogen is useless as is already zipaligned!!

*TO THE MAIN MENU:*

We added the option to *_wipe ext2 partition_* For who have app2sd and want to format his ext2 partition!

*HOW TO THEME:*

To install a theme, before using the recovery menu, we have to load a theme:
Under the Directory /sdcard/OpenRecovery, there is a directory theme;
IF you want to install a eclair theme; go to the "Eclair" folder and put the files in their respective directories,
IF you want a Froyo theme, go to Froyo and put files in their respective directories.


By 89luca89